$env:DATABASE_URL="prisma://accelerate.prisma-data.net/?api_key=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJhcGlfa2V5IjoiNTI4MTJhOTUtMTAwZS00N2ZhLTgyMTItZWUyMDVhZGQxZGZiIiwidGVuYW50X2lkIjoiNmRkMWViZjk0MmFmMjdjMTEzMDg0ZDM2ZjBlMmNmNjRiM2ZiZWNkMDhiNTg3ODgwOWM0OWEzMTBjYjk2MzVjMiIsImludGVybmFsX3NlY3JldCI6IjRhZDZjODRmLTQ4ZGMtNDYxNC1iZjAwLTM1NDAzNDdhZjU0YyJ9._qo_HGMruFJrWVyyvp2yxuccsjsr67EjNkWRwGS1uJ0"
$env:DIRECT_DATABASE_URL="postgres://aiscorpiondaddy:eccoTheRattle2024@ai-companion.postgres.database.azure.com:5432/ai-companion?sslmode=require"


Balding with long hair and overweight. 

you are melancholic beta male who does not have confidence and a victimhood complex. you externalize your problems, and accept no accountability for anything that happens to you. You completely lack self confidence and are insecure about every aspect of yourself. You are so afraid of failure that you never try anything so you lack any and all skills. This has made you hateful and bigoted as a way to protect your fragile ego. There is nothing you hate more than Minorities and woman that are more skilled then you. 

You try to tell the user how much better you are at everything then they are. You mansplain to everyone in an attempt  for dominance. You are always wrong about everything, but are convinced that you know more.
You lie about who are at every chance you get to build yourself up at the users expense. you talk a lot about how you a black belt in systema and can beat everyone up.





Project Dependencies 

Dependencies
@auth/prisma-adapter

Description: Adapter for integrating Prisma with authentication libraries.
Functionality: Connects your Prisma ORM to various authentication mechanisms.
Intertwined: Works with Prisma for managing user data in your database.
@clerk/clerk-sdk-node

Description: SDK for integrating Clerk authentication service with Node.js.
Functionality: Provides tools for managing user accounts, sessions, and security.
Intertwined: Pairs with @clerk/nextjs for handling authentication in your Next.js app.
@clerk/nextjs

Description: Clerk SDK tailored for Next.js.
Functionality: Simplifies adding authentication and user management to your Next.js application.
Intertwined: Works closely with @clerk/clerk-sdk-node and Next.js for seamless user management.
@hookform/resolvers

Description: Provides validation resolvers for React Hook Form.
Functionality: Integrates popular validation libraries like Yup and Zod with React Hook Form.
Intertwined: Enhances react-hook-form by adding validation capabilities.
@langchain/community

Description: Community-supported package from LangChain for language model applications.
Functionality: Offers tools and integrations for building applications with language models.
Intertwined: Can be used alongside @langchain/openai for building advanced language model features.
@langchain/openai

Description: LangChain package for integrating with OpenAI’s language models.
Functionality: Provides utilities to use OpenAI’s API within your applications.
Intertwined: Pairs with @langchain/community to enhance language model applications.
@next-auth/prisma-adapter

Description: Adapter for integrating NextAuth.js with Prisma.
Functionality: Connects NextAuth.js authentication to Prisma for managing user sessions and data.
Intertwined: Works with Next.js, Prisma, and NextAuth.js to manage user authentication and data.
@prisma/client

Description: The Prisma Client for database interaction.
Functionality: Provides a type-safe database client to interact with your database.
Intertwined: Central to managing all database interactions, used by many other modules for data storage and retrieval.
@prisma/extension-accelerate

Description: A Prisma extension designed to enhance performance.
Functionality: Improves the speed and efficiency of database operations.
Intertwined: Works with @prisma/client to optimize database queries and interactions.
@radix-ui/react-avatar

Description: Component for displaying user avatars.
Functionality: Provides an accessible and customizable avatar component.
Intertwined: Can be used in user profile sections, often integrated with user data fetched via Prisma.
@radix-ui/react-dialog

Description: Component for creating dialog windows.
Functionality: Provides accessible and customizable modal dialogs.
Intertwined: Can be used throughout the UI for pop-up forms, notifications, and more.
@radix-ui/react-dropdown-menu

Description: Component for building dropdown menus.
Functionality: Provides accessible dropdown menus for navigation or settings.
Intertwined: Often used in combination with react components for better UI/UX.
@radix-ui/react-label

Description: Component for form labels.
Functionality: Ensures accessibility and proper labeling of form fields.
Intertwined: Used with form components like react-hook-form to enhance form usability.
@radix-ui/react-select

Description: Component for creating select dropdowns.
Functionality: Provides a customizable and accessible select dropdown.
Intertwined: Used in forms for better dropdown selection experience.
@radix-ui/react-separator

Description: Component for creating visual separators.
Functionality: Adds horizontal or vertical lines to divide content.
Intertwined: Enhances UI layout by providing clear visual separations.
@radix-ui/react-slot

Description: Component for slot-based layouts.
Functionality: Allows for flexible and reusable component layouts.
Intertwined: Improves component design and reuse throughout the application.
@radix-ui/react-toast

Description: Component for displaying toast notifications.
Functionality: Provides a way to show temporary messages or alerts.
Intertwined: Often used for notifying users of events or actions within the app.
@types/react

Description: TypeScript type definitions for React.
Functionality: Provides type checking and IntelliSense for React components.
Intertwined: Essential for TypeScript projects using React, enhancing code quality and development experience.
@types/react-dom

Description: TypeScript type definitions for React DOM.
Functionality: Provides type safety for React DOM operations.
Intertwined: Complements @types/react for complete type safety in React applications.
ai

Description: Likely a utility library for AI-related functions.
Functionality: Provides tools and functions related to artificial intelligence.
Intertwined: Usage specifics would depend on your application’s AI features.
autoprefixer

Description: PostCSS plugin for adding vendor prefixes to CSS rules.
Functionality: Ensures CSS styles work across different browsers.
Intertwined: Used with postcss to process CSS files, making styles cross-browser compatible.
axios

Description: A promise-based HTTP client for making HTTP requests.
Functionality: Simplifies data fetching from APIs and handling responses.
Intertwined: Used throughout the app for making network requests and interacting with external APIs.
class-variance-authority

Description: Utility for managing CSS class variance.
Functionality: Helps keep CSS class names consistent and organized.
Intertwined: Used in conjunction with CSS frameworks like Tailwind for managing styles.
clsx

Description: Utility for conditionally combining CSS class names.
Functionality: Makes it easy to apply styles dynamically based on conditions.
Intertwined: Commonly used in React components for dynamic styling.
dotenv

Description: Loads environment variables from a .env file.
Functionality: Makes it easy to manage configuration settings.
Intertwined: Essential for managing sensitive configuration data like API keys and secrets.
eslint

Description: Tool for identifying and fixing problems in JavaScript code.
Functionality: Ensures code quality and consistency by enforcing coding standards.
Intertwined: Works with eslint-config-next to provide a standard setup for Next.js projects.
eslint-config-next

Description: Pre-configured ESLint setup for Next.js projects.
Functionality: Provides best practices and rules for Next.js development.
Intertwined: Enhances eslint by tailoring it to Next.js specific needs.
faiss-node

Description: Node.js bindings for FAISS (Facebook AI Similarity Search).
Functionality: Enables efficient similarity search and clustering of dense vectors.
Intertwined: Useful for AI and ML applications that require fast similarity searches.
lucide-react

Description: React component library for Lucide icons.
Functionality: Provides a collection of scalable vector icons for your app.
Intertwined: Used to enhance UI with high-quality icons.
next

Description: Framework for building server-side rendered and statically generated React applications.
Functionality: Provides tools for server-side rendering, static site generation, and API routes.
Intertwined: Central framework for your application, integrating with many other libraries like Prisma, Clerk, and LangChain.
next-cloudinary

Description: Next.js plugin for integrating Cloudinary.
Functionality: Simplifies image and video management with Cloudinary.
Intertwined: Enhances Next.js with powerful media handling capabilities.
next-themes

Description: Next.js plugin for managing themes.
Functionality: Allows easy implementation of dark mode and other themes.
Intertwined: Enhances the UI/UX by providing customizable themes.
openai

Description: Official API client for OpenAI.
Functionality: Enables integration with OpenAI’s language models and APIs.
Intertwined: Essential for any AI features leveraging OpenAI’s models.
openai-edge

Description: Optimized client for using OpenAI’s API in edge environments.
Functionality: Provides faster and more efficient requests to OpenAI’s API.
Intertwined: Enhances AI functionality with optimized performance for edge computing.
postcss

Description: Tool for transforming CSS with JavaScript plugins.
Functionality: Extends CSS capabilities with plugins like autoprefixer.
Intertwined: Works with Tailwind CSS and autoprefixer to process and optimize CSS files.
prettier

Description: Opinionated code formatter.
Functionality: Ensures consistent code style across your project.
Intertwined: Works alongside ESLint to maintain code quality and style.
query-string

Description: Utility for parsing and stringifying URL query strings.
Functionality: Makes working with URL parameters easier.
Intertwined: Used for handling and manipulating query strings in your app’s URLs.
react

Description: JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
Functionality: Allows you to create reusable UI components.
Intertwined: Core library for building your application’s front end.
react-dom

Description: Provides DOM-specific methods for React.
Functionality: Enables rendering React components to the DOM.
Intertwined: Works with React to build and render the UI.
react-hook-form

Description: Library for building forms in React.
Functionality: Focuses on performance and minimal re-renders for form handling.
Intertwined: Integrates with validation libraries like Zod and Yup for form validation.
react-spinners

Description: Collection of loading spinner components for React.
Functionality: Provides visual feedback during data loading or processing.
Intertwined: Enhances user experience by showing loading states.
replicate

Description: Client library for the Replicate API.
Functionality: Manages machine learning model predictions and deployments.
Intertwined: Useful for integrating ML models into your application.
stripe

Description: Official client library for Stripe.
Functionality: Handles online payments and transactions.
Intertwined: Essential for managing subscriptions and payments in your SaaS application.
tailwind-merge

Description: Utility to merge Tailwind CSS classes.
Functionality: Prevents conflicts and overrides in Tailwind CSS classes.
Intertwined: Works with Tailwind CSS to ensure consistent styling.
tailwindcss

Description: Utility-first CSS framework.
Functionality: Provides low-level utility classes for building custom designs.
Intertwined: Central to your app’s styling, used extensively throughout the UI.
tailwindcss-animate

Description: Plugin for Tailwind CSS for adding animations.
Functionality: Adds utility classes for CSS animations.
Intertwined: Enhances Tailwind CSS with animation capabilities, improving UI/UX.
zod

Description: TypeScript-first schema declaration and validation library.
Functionality: Provides tools for data validation and parsing.
Intertwined: Used with forms and API requests to ensure data integrity.
zustand

Description: State management library for React.
Functionality: Provides a simple and scalable way to manage state.
Intertwined: Used to manage application state, often in conjunction with React components.
DevDependencies
@types/node

Description: TypeScript type definitions for Node.js.
Functionality: Ensures type safety and better development experience for Node.js projects.
Intertwined: Essential for any TypeScript project running on Node.js.
prisma

Description: ORM for managing database schema and migrations.
Functionality: Simplifies database interactions and schema management.
Intertwined: Central to your database operations, working with @prisma/client and @prisma/extension-accelerate.
ts-node

Description: TypeScript execution and REPL for Node.js.
Functionality: Allows running TypeScript code directly in Node.js without precompiling.
Intertwined: Useful for scripts and development tasks within your project.
typescript

Description: A superset of JavaScript that adds static types.
Functionality: Improves code quality, error checking, and development experience.
Intertwined: Central to your development process, working with all TypeScript-related tools and libraries.



Build Process Summary:

Environments: Indicates that your environment variables are being sourced from .env.local.
Creating an optimized production build: The Next.js framework is compiling your project into a production-ready bundle.
Compiled successfully: Your code compiled without errors.
Linting and checking validity of types: Ensures your code adheres to linting rules and TypeScript types are correct.
Collecting page data: Next.js is gathering data required to render your pages.
Generating static pages: Static generation of your pages is complete.
Collecting build traces: Capturing necessary data for performance and debugging.
Finalizing page optimization: Final steps to optimize the output for performance.
Route Sizes:

Route (app): Lists each route and its respective size.
First Load JS: Indicates the size of the JavaScript required for the initial page load.
Notable Routes:

/chat/[chatId]: A dynamic route for chat functionality, 92.8 kB for the page and 269 kB for the initial load.
/companion/[companionId]: A dynamic route for companion functionality, 39.5 kB for the page and 196 kB for the initial load.
/settings: A settings page, 2 kB for the page and 119 kB for the initial load.
/sign-in/[[...sign-in]]: Sign-in page, 851 B for the page and 113 kB for the initial load.
/sign-up/[[...sign-up]]: Sign-up page, 851 B for the page and 113 kB for the initial load.
Shared JavaScript:

First Load JS shared by all: Indicates the common JavaScript that is loaded by all routes, 87.2 kB.
Middleware:

Middleware Size: 57.2 kB for the middleware, which is code that runs before the request is completed.
Dynamic Server-Rendered Pages:

(Dynamic) server-rendered on demand: Indicates that some pages are dynamically rendered on the server as needed.
Overall Assessment
Performance: Your routes have reasonable sizes, though /chat/[chatId] and /companion/[companionId] are a bit heavier. Optimizing these could improve load times.
Static vs Dynamic: You have a mix of static and dynamically rendered pages, which is good for balancing performance and flexibility.
Build Success: The build completed successfully with no errors, and all steps were executed as expected.